Geum-cheol.
Our country will
never forget what you did.
ANTI-COMMUNIST INVESTIGATIONS 1
TEAM LEADER
There must be a reason
they fled to Mount Ogong.
But we went through every grave
that looked suspicious.
If we find the dead drop, it'll only
be a matter of time before we catch him.
Take it.
What's all that?
You haven't eaten yet, right?
Tteokbokki, kimbap, and fish cakes…
No one will appreciate it
even if we skip our meals.
What's with the orchid?
I went to the market
and it caught my eyes.
-Go bring Seung-jun.
-Yes, ma'am.
I thought you were out of my team.
I joined the ANSP
for only one reason.
The guy who left me all of a sudden…
The guy who vanished into thin air
after promising to marry me…
I only joined to ask him why.
I even followed him to Germany twice
but never saw him. And I've been…
waiting for him for six years.
-Why would I leave the team?
-It's regrettable
that you joined the agency
for such a personal reason.
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Why…
Why on earth…
are they asking us
to stay out of Han's case?
I had our agents tail him closely.
So stay out of it.
Our agents?
You think they're loyal to you?
You think they'll do
what the high-ups told us not to?
I will keep an eye on Han myself.
Are you leaving already?
Aren't you eating?
I'm telling you,
she bought a lot for us. Look.
She's so generous, isn't she?
Hello?
I called to ask you something.
You said
you'd give me 50 million
if I gave you information on a spy.
If I give you information
on someone who harbored a spy,
how much will I get?
The same amount?
Why are you curious about that?
Pardon?
Why do you want to know
how much you'll get
for information
on someone who harbored a spy?
Gye Bun-ok.
Because I'll turn someone in.
What?
Turn in?
Guys in room 207 hid a spy.
What are you talking about?
I knew this would happen,
so I kept the proof.
Come on.
Why are you going through that?
What's going on?
That's…
I'm sorry.